on the 15 of june
we had our induction programme. On that day we were given an idea on how our 
day to day job is going to be like, the lead team introduced themselves and told us about the tools we will be using
like trello,slack, Git Ms Teams etc...

we learned about Devops and the difference between quality assurance, testing and also agile testing. We were also informed about the AWS programme,
we also had to sign the WIL forms and also send our git usernames electronically. One of our lead team have sent us video tutorial
that were informative and gave us a foundation on UML,APIS and the database 

on the 28th of june
we had to explain what we have learnt from the tutorials.

on the 5th of july 
i registered for a course at faethem academy 

on the 6th of july
i completed the  7 lessons of agile foundations thereafter i signed up for slack and familiarized myselfwith it.

on 7th of july 
we were rasked to fill up a form for changing qualifications from theory to practical

on the 12th of july
i completed the AWS management console module in which i have learnt how to navigate through the AWS Console

on the 19th of july
mr nyambeni instructed us to learn git and familiarize our self with git commands

on the 20th of july
we had a meeting on microsoft teams where we discussed the system as whole and listed all the users of the system and the use case on trello

on the 21st of july
we started working on the system. i was assigned to make a connection for registration and login page to the database. 
As i was learning some basic concept i only manage to make a connection to the mysql database on vsCode.


on the 23rd of july
i created a mysql database
 
on the 24rd of july
i created a server  and it was running on port 3000

on the 25th of july 
i created apis for registration and login. and linked them to the database and conducted test with postman.

on the 28th of july
i asked for student_record data and filled the student_record table with the students information.

on the 29th of july
i did some validation for the system to allow only registered students and i also validated the system to only take tut4life emails only.
we were also told that we will start to report to office from monday and they sent us a schedule for august.

on the 30 of july
we were supposed to have a meeting at 10 due to mis communication a link wasnt sent for that meeting.
'

on the 2nd of august
we reported to the office for the first time our lead team explained the schedule to us and told us we will have daily scrums at 10.
i started by doing a set up for ssh and cloning the repo of our project
on this day i created a table for lecture and started working on the forgot password

on the 3rd of august
i had to fix some errors from the forgot password page

on the 4th of august
we did not report to office i dedicated this day on learning a definition for api and database

on the 5th of august
i watched a video on how to fetch data from the database and i tried working on creating a session
so that when a user is succesfully loged in the system will display the users detailes

on the 6th of august
- i updated the database to have lab fields

on the 9th of august
--completed 1 aws module

on the 10th of august
--completed agile

on the 13th of august 
--we had our first retro and refinement

on the 14th of august  
--we had a pilot presentation were we presented about the registration and login page for both frontend and backend

on the 17th of august
--i had to analyse the booking with one of my collegue before coding

on the 18th of august
-- i started working with an api for listing the available labs

on the 19th of august
-- we had to connect the api for listing the available labs with the front end we faced difficulties and ended up with errors

on the 20th of august
--we managed to resolve the errors we had with listing available labs 

on the 23rd of august
--i created a an api for making a booking

on the 24 of august
-- i created an api for cancelling a booking

on the 25th of august
- i had to create an api that retrieves booking details from the booking table

on the 26th of august
-we had our retro and refinement we had to make changes in the way the systems books the labs since well we will include classes and exams 

on the 27th of august
-- we had our 3rd presentation we presented about metrics and also the booking page 
 