MOLEFE F.M

We had an induction on the 15 June 2021. We spoke about the following:

1.Agile Project: We were inormed about PMO, Supportivr and Controlling and the structure tree o Agile Project.

2. Scrum:
-We spoke about the SDLC step by step.
-We spoke up the accountability within the scrum.
-We spoke about scrum team.

3. Developers
-We defined the developer with Percy where it was concluded that it combines development and IT operations.
-DevOp:Is the union o people,process and technology to continaully provide value to customer.
-As a Dev Op you fasten the delivery process and among others you solve problems independent.

4. Business Analysts Developer
-This was conducted by Nyakallo, he differentiated Domain Name Business  which he explained that it focuses site of business and identify problems.
-Project Business Analysyts they implement project.

5.Icep Tools
-The folllowing are Icep tools we will be working with during the internship were explained by Katlego
Trello-for scrum(progress).
Slack-documentation.
Vs code -for coding.
GiT-push
AWS Educate - certificate 
Agile and Scrum -tracking process ,time based (cerificate)
Ms Visio -Diagrams and drawing.

6.QA & Testing.
-We touched the following base with Nyambezi:
-Agile Testing.
-Continuous Integration.
-Pseudo Agile projects.
-Waterfall to Agile,

QA: we prevent bugs and measure quality of the process.
Test: We test to see errors.

Agile Tester Principles
1.Provide continuous feedback.
2.Deliver continuous feedback.
3.Eanable face to face to face communication.
4. Have courage.
5. Keep it simple.
6. Practice continuous improvement.

Agile Testing Process
1. Initial Planning.
2. Planning.
3. Requirements.
4. Analysis & Design.
5. Development.
6. Testing
7. Functionality.
8. Evaluation.

7. Introduction to Design
-Kgomotso gave 7 principles of designs which are:
Emphasise:What is emphasised.
Balance Alignment: How to use colours and how to place elements.
Contrast: How you going to use colours and bland them.
Repetition: How to place things/style.
Movement:How you want the user's eye to move.
white space:How you use it and it should not be to much.


On the  28 June 2021 We discussed about the following:

1.Introduction to to UML: Which explained what UML is ,what are the importance of it and the analysis in the SDLC.
2.Node,js MYSQL Rest: Shows how to manipulate data storage by using arrays and objects to store data.
