Report: 

15 of June:

Today the HOD of all faculties welcomed us as new ICEP interns for 2021 1st semester, He then brought us up to 
speed about our value and expertise from the department about this program.
furthermore, he told us that we should use our experience from our previous programming languages to finish day to day programming collectively
it was an induction.


we learned about DevOps and the difference between quality assurance, testing and also agile testing. We were also informed about the AWS program,
we also had to sign the WIL forms and also send our git usernames electronically. One of our lead team have sent us video tutorial
that were informative and gave us a foundation on UML, APIS and the database.

28th of June:
We had our first daily scrum to discuss what had completed or planning to do.

5th of July: 
We were given WIL forms,

6th of July:
I did research on angular and Node.JS.

7th of July:
we were asked to fill up a form for changing qualifications from theory to practical

12th of July:
I completed the AWS management console module in which I have learnt how to navigate through the AWS Console

19th of July:
Mr. Nyambeni instructed us to learn git and familiarize our self with git commands

20th of July:
we had a meeting on Microsoft teams where we discussed the system as whole and listed all the users of the system and the use case on Trello

21st of July:
we started working on the system. I was given a task to research about developing front-end interface for the Web application.


23rd of July:
Today I generated components for our Covid-Compliance application.
 
4rd of July:
Angular applications require npm dev-kit to be re-installed when you had pushed it on Git.

25th of July: 
We had our daily scrum and assigned new tasks on Trello

28th of July:
We linked back-end and front-end applications

29th of July:
I was researching about using bootstrap to style an application


3rd of August:
I met my tea members in the office for the first time in person and we discussed ways to work together
so, we could speed up the process.

4th of August:
I added some style on Registration page

5th of August:
I was working on form validation but unfortunately, I had some blockers.

6th of August:
We prep for the presentation that will happen next week Friday


11th of August:
The team decided that registration form must be removed on the application.

13th of August: 
Presentation Day

16th of August: 
Mr. Nyambeni helped me with Git Commands

19th of August:
I was debugging and handling errors

20th of August:
We managed to resolve the errors we had with listing available labs 

24th of August:
New ICEP members were introduced to us.

25th of August:
We had our retro meeting with BAs in their office and we met our new team leader.

27th of August:
Pilot Presentation

31st of August:
We had our daily scrum, 

1st of September:
I was assigned a task on Trello for admin to delete and add users on the application.
